cli: change generate-config flag to update-config flag (#1897)
edgelesssys/constellation: docs/docs/workflows/config.md

This creates the file `constellation-conf.yaml` in the current directory.

:::tip
You can automatically update a configuration file with your IAM configuration by adding the `--update-config` flag to the `constellation iam create` command when [creating an IAM configuration](#creating-an-iam-configuration).
:::

> 

Reviewer: The tip can be completely removed as the `config generate` step is now mandatory. It's sufficient that the flag is explained in the other section.

## Creating an IAM configuration

You can create an IAM configuration for your cluster automatically using the `constellation iam create` command.

> If you already have a constellation configuration file, you can add the `--update-config` flag to the command. This will automatically write the needed IAM fields into your constellation configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you already have a Constellation configuration file, you can add the `--update-config` flag to the command. This writes the needed IAM fields into your configuration.
```
